The endpoint description doesn't conform to the style: should start with lower case character: The Price Estimates endpoint returns an estimated price range for each product offered at a given
location. The price estimate is provided as a formatted string with the full price range and the localized
currency symbol.
The endpoint description doesn't conform to the style: should start with lower case character: The Products endpoint returns information about the Uber products offered at a given location.
The endpoint description doesn't conform to the style: should start with lower case character: The Time Estimates endpoint returns ETAs for all products.
The endpoint description doesn't conform to the style: should start with lower case character: The User Activity endpoint returns data about a user's lifetime activity with Uber. The response will
include pickup locations and times, dropoff locations and times, the distance of past requests, and
information about which products were requested.
The endpoint description doesn't conform to the style: should start with lower case character: Update an User Profile.
The parameter description doesn't conform to the style: should start with lower case character: A maximum number of lines in the produced json.
The parameter description doesn't conform to the style: should start with lower case character: Latitude component of end location.
The parameter description doesn't conform to the style: should start with lower case character: Latitude component of location.
The parameter description doesn't conform to the style: should start with lower case character: Latitude component of start location.
The parameter description doesn't conform to the style: should start with lower case character: Latitude component of start location.
The parameter description doesn't conform to the style: should start with lower case character: Longitude component of end location.
The parameter description doesn't conform to the style: should start with lower case character: Longitude component of location.
The parameter description doesn't conform to the style: should start with lower case character: Longitude component of start location.
The parameter description doesn't conform to the style: should start with lower case character: Longitude component of start location.
The parameter description doesn't conform to the style: should start with lower case character: Number of items to retrieve. Default is 5, maximum is 100.
The parameter description doesn't conform to the style: should start with lower case character: Offset the list of returned results by this amount. Default is zero.
The parameter description doesn't conform to the style: should start with lower case character: Unique customer identifier to be used for experience customization.
The parameter description doesn't conform to the style: should start with lower case character: Unique identifier representing a specific product for a given latitude & longitude.
The parameter description doesn't conform to the style: should start with verb in present tense (stem + "-s"): profile of a user to update
The property description doesn't conform to the style: should start with alphanumeric character: [ISO 4217](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_4217) currency code.
The property description doesn't conform to the style: should start with lower case character: Capacity of product. For example, 4 people.
The property description doesn't conform to the style: should start with lower case character: Contains the list of products
The property description doesn't conform to the style: should start with lower case character: Description of product.
The property description doesn't conform to the style: should start with lower case character: Display name of product.
The property description doesn't conform to the style: should start with lower case character: Display name of product.
The property description doesn't conform to the style: should start with lower case character: Email address of the Uber user
The property description doesn't conform to the style: should start with lower case character: Expected surge multiplier. Surge is active if surge_multiplier is greater than 1.
Price estimate already factors in the surge multiplier.
The property description doesn't conform to the style: should start with lower case character: First name of the Uber user.
The property description doesn't conform to the style: should start with lower case character: Formatted string of estimate in local currency of the start location.
Estimate could be a range, a single number (flat rate) or "Metered" for TAXI.
The property description doesn't conform to the style: should start with lower case character: Image URL of the Uber user.
The property description doesn't conform to the style: should start with lower case character: Image URL representing the product.
The property description doesn't conform to the style: should start with lower case character: Last name of the Uber user.
The property description doesn't conform to the style: should start with lower case character: Lower bound of the estimated price.
The property description doesn't conform to the style: should start with lower case character: Number of items to retrieve (100 max).
The property description doesn't conform to the style: should start with lower case character: Position in pagination.
The property description doesn't conform to the style: should start with lower case character: Promo code of the Uber user.
The property description doesn't conform to the style: should start with lower case character: Total number of items available.
The property description doesn't conform to the style: should start with lower case character: Unique identifier for the activity
The property description doesn't conform to the style: should start with lower case character: Unique identifier representing a specific product for a given latitude & longitude.
For example, uberX in San Francisco will have a different product_id than uberX in Los Angeles.
The property description doesn't conform to the style: should start with lower case character: Unique identifier representing a specific product for a given latitude & longitude. For example,
uberX in San Francisco will have a different product_id than uberX in Los Angeles
The property description doesn't conform to the style: should start with lower case character: Upper bound of the estimated price.
The response description doesn't conform to the style: should start with lower case character: An array of price estimates by product
The response description doesn't conform to the style: should start with lower case character: An array of products
The response description doesn't conform to the style: should start with lower case character: An array of products
The response description doesn't conform to the style: should start with lower case character: History information for the given user
The response description doesn't conform to the style: should start with lower case character: Previous profile information for a user
The response description doesn't conform to the style: should start with lower case character: Unexpected error
The response description doesn't conform to the style: should start with lower case character: Unexpected error
The response description doesn't conform to the style: should start with lower case character: Unexpected error
The response description doesn't conform to the style: should start with lower case character: Unexpected error
The response description doesn't conform to the style: should start with lower case character: Unexpected error