Line   14: In endpoint products: description should start with lower case character: 'The Products endpoint returns information about the Uber products offered at a given location.'
Line   20: In endpoint products, parameter latitude: description should start with lower case character: 'Latitude component of location.'
Line   26: In endpoint products, parameter longitude: description should start with lower case character: 'Longitude component of location.'
Line   36: In endpoint products, response 200: description should start with lower case character: 'An array of products'
Line   40: In endpoint products, response default: description should start with lower case character: 'Unexpected error'
Line   43: In endpoint estimates_price: description should start with lower case character: 'The Price Estimates endpoint returns an estimated price range for each product offered at a given location. The price estimate is provided as a formatted string with the full price range and the localized currency symbol.'
Line   51: In endpoint estimates_price, parameter start_latitude: description should start with lower case character: 'Latitude component of start location.'
Line   57: In endpoint estimates_price, parameter start_longitude: description should start with lower case character: 'Longitude component of start location.'
Line   63: In endpoint estimates_price, parameter end_latitude: description should start with lower case character: 'Latitude component of end location.'
Line   69: In endpoint estimates_price, parameter end_longitude: description should start with lower case character: 'Longitude component of end location.'
Line   75: In endpoint estimates_price, parameter max_lines: description should start with lower case character: 'A maximum number of lines in the produced json.'
Line   85: In endpoint estimates_price, response 200: description should start with lower case character: 'An array of price estimates by product'
Line   89: In endpoint estimates_price, response default: description should start with lower case character: 'Unexpected error'
Line   92: In endpoint estimates_time: description should start with lower case character: 'The Time Estimates endpoint returns ETAs for all products.'
Line   97: In endpoint estimates_time, parameter start_latitude: description should start with lower case character: 'Latitude component of start location.'
Line  103: In endpoint estimates_time, parameter start_longitude: description should start with lower case character: 'Longitude component of start location.'
Line  109: In endpoint estimates_time, parameter customer_uuid: description should start with lower case character: 'Unique customer identifier to be used for experience customization.'
Line  114: In endpoint estimates_time, parameter product_id: description should start with lower case character: 'Unique identifier representing a specific product for a given latitude & longitude.'
Line  122: In endpoint estimates_time, response 200: description should start with lower case character: 'An array of products'
Line  126: In endpoint estimates_time, response default: description should start with lower case character: 'Unexpected error'
Line  129: In endpoint update_me: description should start with lower case character: 'Update an User Profile.'
Line  138: In endpoint update_me, parameter update_user: description should start with verb in present tense (stem + "-s"): 'profile of a user to update'
Line  146: In endpoint update_me, response 200: description should start with lower case character: 'Previous profile information for a user'
Line  150: In endpoint update_me, response default: description should start with lower case character: 'Unexpected error'
Line  153: In endpoint upload_infos: description should start with lower case character: 'Upload information about an User.'
Line  177: In endpoint upload_infos, response 200: description should start with lower case character: 'Confirms that the information was uploaded.'
Line  179: In endpoint upload_infos, response default: description should start with lower case character: 'Unexpected error'
Line  182: In endpoint history: description should start with lower case character: "The User Activity endpoint returns data about a user's lifetime activity with Uber. The response will include pickup locations and times, dropoff locations and times, the distance of past requests, and information about which products were requested."
Line  190: In endpoint history, parameter offset: description should start with lower case character: 'Offset the list of returned results by this amount. Default is zero.'
Line  195: In endpoint history, parameter limit: description should start with lower case character: 'Number of items to retrieve. Default is 5, maximum is 100.'
Line  202: In endpoint history, response 200: description should start with lower case character: 'History information for the given user'
Line  206: In endpoint history, response default: description should start with lower case character: 'Unexpected error'
Line  210: In object Product, property capacity: description should start with lower case character: 'Capacity of product. For example, 4 people.'
Line  210: In object Product, property desc: description should start with lower case character: 'Description of product.'
Line  210: In object Product, property display_name: description should start with lower case character: 'Display name of product.'
Line  210: In object Product, property image: description should start with lower case character: 'Image URL representing the product.'
Line  210: In object Product, property product_id: description should start with lower case character: 'Unique identifier representing a specific product for a given latitude & longitude. For example, uberX in San Francisco will have a different product_id than uberX in Los Angeles.'
Line  237: In object ProductList, property products: description should start with lower case character: 'Contains the list of products'
Line  251: In object PriceEstimate, property currency_code: description should start with alphanumeric character: '[ISO 4217](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_4217) currency code.'
Line  251: In object PriceEstimate, property display_name: description should start with lower case character: 'Display name of product.'
Line  251: In object PriceEstimate, property estimate: description should start with lower case character: 'Formatted string of estimate in local currency of the start location. Estimate could be a range, a single number (flat rate) or "Metered" for TAXI.'
Line  251: In object PriceEstimate, property high_estimate: description should start with lower case character: 'Upper bound of the estimated price.'
Line  251: In object PriceEstimate, property low_estimate: description should start with lower case character: 'Lower bound of the estimated price.'
Line  251: In object PriceEstimate, property product_id: description should start with lower case character: 'Unique identifier representing a specific product for a given latitude & longitude. For example, uberX in San Francisco will have a different product_id than uberX in Los Angeles'
Line  251: In object PriceEstimate, property surge_multiplier: description should start with lower case character: 'Expected surge multiplier. Surge is active if surge_multiplier is greater than 1. Price estimate already factors in the surge multiplier.'
Line  293: In object Profile, property email: description should start with lower case character: 'Email address of the Uber user'
Line  293: In object Profile, property first_name: description should start with lower case character: 'First name of the Uber user.'
Line  293: In object Profile, property last_name: description should start with lower case character: 'Last name of the Uber user.'
Line  293: In object Profile, property picture: description should start with lower case character: 'Image URL of the Uber user.'
Line  293: In object Profile, property promo_code: description should start with lower case character: 'Promo code of the Uber user.'
Line  315: In object Activity, property uuid: description should start with lower case character: 'Unique identifier for the activity'
Line  323: In object Activities, property count: description should start with lower case character: 'Total number of items available.'
Line  323: In object Activities, property limit: description should start with lower case character: 'Number of items to retrieve (100 max).'
Line  323: In object Activities, property offset: description should start with lower case character: 'Position in pagination.'
